Fix link to OpenID Connect Elasticsearch guide from the Kibana OpenID Connect docs. (#49731)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/authentication/index.asciidoc

==== OpenID Connect Single Sign-On

Similar to SAML, authentication with OpenID Connect allows users to log in to {kib} using an OpenID Connect Provider such as Google, or Okta. OpenID Connect

> should also be configured in {es}, see {xpack-ref}/oidc-guide.html[Configuring OpenID Connect Single-Sign-On on the Elastic Stack] for more details.

Reviewer: This page has moved from the Stack Overview to the Elasticsearch Reference:

```suggestion
should also be configured in {es}. For more details, see {ref}/oidc-guide.html[Configuring single sign-on to the {stack} using OpenID Connect].
```

Author: Thanks!
